Update biology.md (#209)
jeffhuyghebaert/pax-republica: content/systems/chargen/skills/knowledge/academics/biology.md

date: 2020-11-14T12:18:21-08:00
draft: false
---

> Biology is the study of life and living organisms throughout the universe. It has numerous subdisciplines among them anatomy, botany cryobiology, microbiology, nanobiology and paleobiology to name a few.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Biology is the study of life and living organisms throughout the universe. It has numerous subdisciplines including anatomy, botany, cryobiology, microbiology, nanobiology and paleobiology, to name a few.
```
